I
we've received literally dozens of
emails about the elevator pitching
session people saying well look I do
this what do you think my elevator pitch
should do should be so on this week's
episode we've actually got three
different elevator pitches to have a
look at so let's have a look at the
first one then we'll have the panel chat
about
okay Mel you hear a lot of elevator
pitches what do you think of that one
she had a really interesting job but
she's sort of her body language his
hands in the pocket wasn't really
engaging at all that's just what I
picked up on it and i think the sort of
shrug of the shoulders at the end sort
of indicated that what she was saying
she wasn't even sure or confident about
it don't know i wasn't sure about that
so maybe not that believable not that it
wasn't believable just the she didn't
have the confidence about what she was
saying about herself and she's rather
shy people that were lucky to get a job
okay this ever that let's have a look at
another one Phil tenure I think you had
a girlfriend called tenure once what do
you think of that 10 I did she reminds
me no no comparison there will do but
some fantastic very short very sharp and
you could just I mean believe through
the body language of what she was saying
really well done look yep okay okay
we're happy with that one so short sharp
lot of energy congruence consistency in
terms of a body language the way she
communicated the fact that she was a
freelancer fantastic okay look at the
last one
okay Tom that was very short and sweet
and I think she described pretty much
what conveyancing is all about and what
she does it could have been a bit more
detail but yeah I didn't mind that one
so if you met met her at a party Mel
would you want to know more about that
not absolutely i'm sure the time she
would be able to go on then and talk a
little bit further about what she did so
and then you'd run off well i think one
of the consistent themes with our
segment on elevator pitching is always
around being reasonably short and sharp
but every time we hear the word help in
there when people use that I help people
people seem to be more interested in so
in thinking about your own elevator
pitch what is it that you actually do to
help people what sort of problems do you
help them with them make sure you get
that in early on in your pitch when
you're meeting new people